troubleshooting (#52)
bcmi-labs/arduino-pro-content: content/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-trace32/content.md

![Portenta's serial number can be displayed in the Arduino IDE using the "Get Board Info" command](assets/por_ard_trace32_board_info.png)

> ***If you see a 16 character (64-bit) long serial number, then you need to update your Arduino IDE, the Arduino mbed-enabled Boards Core software in your board. Also, make sure your Portenta H7 has the [latest bootloader](https://www.arduino.cc/pro/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-bl) installed. Details of how to do this can be found on the Arduino website.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***If you only see a 16 character (64-bit) long serial number, then you need to update your Arduino IDE and the "Arduino mbed-enabled Boards" core from the boards manager in the IDE. Details of how to do this can be found on the Arduino website. Also, make sure your Portenta H7 has the [latest bootloader](https://www.arduino.cc/pro/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-bl) installed.***
```

> - Once you receive the email with the license key, follow the instructions provided at the end of the message: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you receive the email with the license key, follow the instructions provided at the end of the message: 
```

> - Add the whole line of code provided to the file **license.t32** in your TRACE32 main directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the complete line of code provided in the e-mail to the **license.t32** text file in your TRACE32 installation directory.
```

  Create the file license.t32 if it does not yet exist. On Windows the TRACE32 system directory is by default "C:\T32".

>   Please restart TRACE32 after adding the license key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart TRACE32 after adding the license key.
```

# Troubleshooting

> ### Portenta's serial number is not 24 digit long:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Portenta’s Serial Number Is Not 24 Digits Long
```

> * Update Arduino IDE to the latest version available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Arduino IDE to the latest version
```

> * Update **Arduino mbed-enabled Boards** core from Arduino IDE menu: _Tools > Board > Boards Manager_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the **Arduino mbed-enabled Boards** core from Arduino IDE menu: Tools > Board > Boards Manager
```

> * Update the Portenta's bootloader [here](https://www.arduino.cc/pro/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-bl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Portenta's bootloader using the instructions found [here](https://www.arduino.cc/pro/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-bl).
```

> ### Error: 'No more arguments expected' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error Message in AREA View: 'No more arguments expected' 
```

> * This may be caused by your Windows user name. Check there is no 'spaces' or special characters within the user name to avoid the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This may be caused by unsupported characters in your Windows user name. Make sure your user name neither contains any spaces nor special characters.
```

> ![](assets/por_ard_trace32_troubleshooting.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Error Message in AREA View](assets/por_ard_trace32_troubleshooting.png)
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
